Tori: This is
a dangerous shortcut!
YUMA: If we go around, we'll
miss the previews, Tori!
You're dragging me through a
construction site for previews?
Unnnh!
I don't even care
about the movie.
But they're gonna have the
trailer for the next "Lunar
battalion" sequel,
I've gotta see it!
Astral: Why is she nervous?
What exactly happens at this
place known as a construction
site?
Construction happens, what else.
They're building some
Kinda giant new mall.
It's gonna be the biggest
in the world, I heard.
C'mon yuma, I don't like this.
It's totally safe.
Tori!
♪ If life is a game they say ♪
♪ I can't win, I'll never
amount to nothing ♪
♪ tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid
to challenge myself ♪
♪ they won't ever break my fire,
my dreams won't die ♪
♪ if I hi-Five the sky ♪
♪ spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a chance believe... ♪
♪ Nothing will bring me down ♪
♪ no retreat when I leave
all my fears Behind ♪
♪ my future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ take a chance to
Chase my doubts away ♪
♪ believing gets me
through my darkest Days ♪
[♪...]
♪ take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ take a breath my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ take a chance ♪
♪ I'll take a chance today ♪
Tori!
[screaming]
is this your idea
of totally safe?
Jump!
You okay, Tori?
I'm good.
What was that all about?
Wha...
no one's driving.
Cody: You numbskulls
aren't wearing helmets!
Don't you guys know that
construction sites are dangerous
places?
Sorry for almost
turning you into pancakes.
I saw the beams falling and went
to hit them out of the way and
then accidentally put the
excavator into gear and then I
couldn't reach the
dumb brakes to stop it.
How does a kindergartener even
get onto a construction site and
accidentally do anything?
A what?
A kindergartner?
I'll have you know that Cody
callus is in middle school.
I'm just vertically challenged.
Oh!
We're in middle
school too, Cody!
I'm Tori,
and this is yuma.
Thank you for trying to save us.
That was so brave!
You okay, pal?
Uh, what's everyone lookin' at?
What a huge truck!
Oh that's Gracie, she can haul
like three-Hundred hogs!
That's maybe the most
amazing thing I've ever heard.
All those pigs.
Not real hogs.
My old man and his
crew refer to tons as "Hogs."
Your dad works construction?
Yeah,
he's the Foreman on this site.
No wonder you know so
much about this stuff.
This concerns me.
Those enormous beams over there
appear to be held together by
nothing more than a few metallic
pieces. That strikes me as a
precarious arrangement.
What's that big
machine up there?
That is barnabe.
That thing could
lift a mountain.
Something tells me we're not
going to catch that movie or
preview.
It'd be so cool to
drive that thing.
Cause it'd make you feel
all super strong right?
Yeah, that's pretty much why I
decided to step up and compete
in the world duel carnival.
I may be a little guy, but when
I'm dueling and I'm controlling
these powerful monsters,
I feel bigger than I am.
It makes me feel like
there's nothing I can't do.
I know exactly what you mean.
So uh, does that mean you're
in the duel carnival?
Yup.
Really? Well, I hate to break
it to ya', But no one stands a
chance against my
heavy machinery deck.
You only say that because
you haven't seen my deck.
Oh...
sounds like a challenge.
It is.
Let's do this!
Hope you're ready!
Duel Disk, go!
Duel gazer, let's roll!
Computer VOICE: Augmented
reality Vision Link established!
Get set to get decked!
TOGETHER: Now let's duel!
You ready to rumble?
I'm going first!
I draw!
And I'm kickin' things off
by summoning a monster.
Here comes jumbo drill!
Next I activate the charging
construction spell card!
Since I summoned jumbo drill,
charging construction lets me
bust out another heavy
hitter in defense mode.
Get ready to tremble before the
sheer awesomeness of my mighty
Road Roller!
And now I activate jumbo
drill's special ability.
Since road Roller is on site,
jumbo drill gains three-Hundred
attack points.
Aaah, man!
Those machines of
yours are pretty sweet.
Not the response
I was expecting.
Your opponent just
summoned two monsters.
I end my turn by throwin'
one card facedown.
Bam!
Now you're getting to see what
my mighty machines are all
about.
And now you get to see
what I'm all about.
First up,
I'm summoning
gagaga magician!
Yuma, look at the attack
and defense points of your
opponent's monsters. I am sorry
to say, but gagaga magician
cannot put a Dent
into either one of them.
Oh man, what was I thinking?
This isn't good.
Perhaps an equip
spell would help.
I was just about
to say that.
From my hand, I activate
the bound wand equip spell.
When a monster is equipped with
bound wand, it gains one hundred
attack points for
each of it's levels.
That's a pretty
neat stick n' all,
but even with that power up,
your magician isn't strong
enough to put a Dent
into my mighty machines.
Yuma,
need I gently remind you
that gagaga magician's special
ability allows him to
change levels once per turn?
Oh Yeah, that's right.
By activating gagaga magician's
special ability, I can change
him from a level 4 to a level 8!
Which means bound wand can grant
him another four Hundred attack
points.
And now gagaga magician,
attack jumbo drill!
Bring it on,
cause I'm playing the
trap card - Foreman's fury!
So now, a thousand of your
magician's attack points are
about to disappear
into Thin air!
No way!
Oh Yes way!
Yuma!
Use bound wand's
effect now, yuma!
Yeah,
I was gonna!
When the monster equipped
with bound Wand is destroyed in
battle, that monster can return
to the field when the battle
ends.
That will help, But the
situation is still dire.
You should focus
on defending.
That way you will not take
battle Damage if your magician
is destroyed again.
Good call, astral.
I return gagaga magician
in defense mode.
Then I place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Do you seriously think you can
defend against the power of my
heavy hitters?
Let's find out!
I draw!
I'm summoning strong shovel
excavator to join me on the job
site!
Now that strong shovel has dug
in, jumbo drill gains another
300 attack points.
And now strong shovel's gonna
dig into your gagaga magician.
Yuma!
I'm activating the half
unbreak trap card!
With This trap card in play, my
monster isn't destroyed, and the
damage I would have
taken is cut in half.
Not too bad there. You and your
monster got through that without
so much as a scratch.
Well then, I guess I'm gonna
have to find some other way to
hammer you into the ground.
You can try, But half unbreak's
effect remains in play.
Too bad that's not gonna stop
Jumbo drill from attacking.
And jumbo drill's
got a special ability.
When your magician's in defense
mode, and jumbo's attack points
are greater than your magician's
defense points, the difference
is dealt to you as damage.
You see that?
That's what my machines
are all about, just
tearin' down absolutely anything
that's dense enough to stand in
their way!
Hey, how come it's
in defense mode now?
Oh yeah Well, uh... thing about
jumbo drill is after it attacks,
it's gotta go on defense
until the end of my next turn.
Mandated union break, I guess.
That's construction humor.
That sounds like it'd be kind
of a pain to have to deal with.
Hey, if you want heavy
machinery to do what heavy
machinery does best,
maintenance is a must.
It's like my dad always says,
"heartland city wasn't built it
in a day"...
This is your chance.
Do not waste it.
I'm on it!
It's my turn now!
I draw!
Let's make this happen!
First, I'm switching gagaga
magician to attack mode.
Next, I'm summoning
mystical donator!
Mystical donator is
all about giving.
Once a turn, he's willing to
give up his attack points and
either give 'em to another
monster on my field, or give 'em
to me so I can
increase my life points.
This time, mystical donator is
gonna give his attack points to
gagaga magician!
Aw, nuts and bolts!
And with that, gagaga magician
ATTACKS STRONG shovel excavator!
Dig that!
I place one card facedown
and end my turn!
And now gagaga magician and
mystical donator return back to
normal.
Those super big machines of
yours pack a lot of power,
but dueling isn't just
about power, Cody!
Interesting.
What else is there
other than power?
You know there's
like, uh... tactiles...
You mean tactics.
I'm just sayin' it's not
about being big and powerful!
Of course it is!
Two guys suddenly
get into a fight.
Then the bigger one wins,
the bigger one always wins!
What're you talkin' about?
"half pint, "short Stack",
"small fry." Oh, I've been
called all sorts of names.
Back in elementary school, the
big kids made fun of me, pushed
me around, took my lunch money.
One day, I was working at a
job site my dad was working at,
watchin' the machines do their
thing. And that's when it hit
me. You know who stands
up to a bulldozer?
No one, that's who.
Cause you don't mess with power.
People respect power
When they see it.
They get scared by it.
Me and my machines?
We're gonna show the duel
carnival what power's all about.
Then we'll see how many people
are calling me "Little stuff" Or
"Bite Size" Or whatever!
But Cody...
I'll show ya' what I mean!
To kick things off, I'm
activating the scrap and build
spell card!
Scrap and build gives me the
go-ahead to summon a low-Level
machine-Type monster
straight from my graveyard!
Strong Shovel's gonna
pull a double shift.
Oh and uh... when this card is
summoned from the graveyard, it
gains a level.
Next up, I'm activating another
spell card - Overhaul!
This doozy improves work
efficiency across the board by
Granting every machine-Type
monster on my field an
additional level!
I hope you're ready, 'cause
you're about to see real power.
Yuma, this is bad!
I overlay jumbo drill, road
Roller and strong shovel
excavator!
With these three monsters,
I build the overlay network!
Here comes the awe-Inspiring,
pulverizing, the ultimate
machine in my crew...
I xyz summon digvorzhak,
king of heavy industry!
Thirty-Two hundred
attack points?
Yep, and digvorzhak is
gonna use them to finish you!
I xyz summon digvorzhak,
king of heavy industry!
Thirty-Two hundred
attack points?
Yep, and digvorzhak is
gonna use them to finish you!
When you absolutely have to
demolish something, accept no
substitutes.
Yuma, that monster is strong.
Yeah...
first I activate
digvorzhak's special ability!
By Using one overlay unit,
digvorzhak can knock three Cards
outta your deck, and haul 'em
off to the graveyard.
You gotta be kidding me.
Now for every monster that was
tossed into the graveyard, a
monster on your
field is destroyed.
For real?
You managed to yank two
monsters, so that means...
your field is about to
become a demolition site.
Go mountain mover!
Yuma's totally vulnerable now...
if he comes at me with a
direct attack, I am done for.
Try to stay focused, yuma.
All right, digvorzhak!
It's full throttle time!
Gah!
So loud!
It's like an earthquake!
Yuma, play your trap card!
Hey, what did you say?
"try to clap hard?"
more power!
Rev that engine and give it
everything you got, digvorzhak!
I'm talkin' maximum
overdrive, baby!
Yuma, listen!
You need to activate your trap!
I can't hear you!
Captivating a crab?
Let's end this!
Go wheel of wrath!
Use your trap!
Activate it!
Oh! Activate the trap!
I'm activating a trap!
Small resistance!
When one of your monsters is
attacking, I can choose a level
4-Or-Below monster with
1000-Or-Fewer attack points and
your attacking monster loses the
same amount of attack points as
the monster I chose.
I'm going with mystical donator!
Yuma!
You keep somehow managing to
survive my attacks. You won't
be so lucky next turn.
my field is empty and I'm
hanging on by a lousy one
hundred life points.
how am I supposed to take
down a monster that huge?
What is that monster made of?
Think about what is holding
it together, yuma. After all...
speak up, astral!
sometimes he can
be so frustrating.
And sometimes
you can be stubborn.
Oh yeah? Well...
Hey, how come I could
hear you that time?
because I went with telepathy.
we can communicate
that way, remember?
oooh, yeeeah.
and now that I have got you,
I have made the following
observation about this place
known as a construction site.
these gigantic structures that
you humans create are comprised
of many individual parts.
okay, and?
take for instance, that
hexagonal piece by your foot.
this thing?
It's just a nut.
consider how tiny
that piece is.
and yet, it will contribute to
the support of this colossal
structure.
every piece plays
an important role.
without even the smallest of
components in the right places,
the entire FOUNDATION
could collapse.
I think you're talking
about dueling now.
What's a matter, yuma?
Have you been frozen
in place by awesomeness?
Don't be hard on yourself, it
happens to lots of people!
I draw!
All right, kurivolt!
Look at that dinky
little pipsqueak.
What could that runt
do to my machine?
Its just gonna
scratch it's paint job.
It's gonna do a lot more than
that once I activate its special
ability!
What's happening to
digvorzhak overlay units?
Kurivolt can seize overlay units
and change 'em into kurivolt
tokens.
Are you serious?
It can turn overlay
units into monsters?
Well ain't that sumthin'!
still, how are those three
little monsters supposed to take
down a machine like digvorzhak?
With the help of a spell
card called mini-Guts.
Go kurivolt tokens,
do your thing!
Nice try, pal!
But nobody can stop
my ultimate machine,
not even you.
Go kurivolt tokens,
take out digvorzhak!
Don't you see?
Nothing can stop
my ultimate machine!
Especially not...
why?
What's happening to digvorzhak?
Excellent work, yuma.
Using the mini-Guts spell, you
were able to tribute two level 1
monsters to strip his
machine of attack points.
This seems promising.
But...
this ain't right.
Those little monsters
are so pathetic.
You can finish this right now.
Heh!
Digvorzhak's outta gas,
and now,
kurivolt's gonna race in and
shut that machine down for good!
Aaaagh!
Then due to mini-Guts' effect,
you take damage equal to
digvorzhak's original
attack points!
I am shutting your
machines down.
Aaw yeah!
Aw, nuts 'n bolts.
Something that small isn't
supposed to be able to take down
something that big!
You shouldn't sell little
guys so short, Cody.
What do you mean?
Look at this
humongous building!
Think about how many tiny pieces
are combining to hold it all
together. I'm just sayin' little
guys are capable of big things.
Here you go yuma.
You beat me.
So my heart Piece is yours now.
Don't waste it.
Don't worry, I'll
take it all the way.
You've got three now, yuma!
Ya know, I think I lost because
I underestimated what little
monsters are capable of,
which really means, I
underestimated what I'm capable
of...
hey Cody, we were on our way to
a movie. You wanna come with us?
Well, you see...
"Little guys are
capable of big things."
WORKER: Hey!
You know that you're not
supposed to be here, Cody!
Together: Uh-oh!
You could get hurt.
Get outta here before
your dad sees you!